Psalm 5 to the chief musician with
Psalm 5 to the chief musician with flutes a psalm of David give ear to my
flutes a psalm of David give ear to my
flutes a psalm of David give ear to my words or Lord consider my meditation if
words or Lord consider my meditation if
words or Lord consider my meditation if heed to the voice of my cry my king and
heed to the voice of my cry my king and
heed to the voice of my cry my king and my god but to you I will pray my voice
my god but to you I will pray my voice
my god but to you I will pray my voice you shall hear in the morning O Lord in
you shall hear in the morning O Lord in
you shall hear in the morning O Lord in the morning I will direct it to you and
the morning I will direct it to you and
the morning I will direct it to you and I will look up for you are not a God who
I will look up for you are not a God who
I will look up for you are not a God who takes pleasure in wickedness nor shall
takes pleasure in wickedness nor shall
takes pleasure in wickedness nor shall evil dwell with you the boastful shall
evil dwell with you the boastful shall
evil dwell with you the boastful shall not stand in your sight you hate all
not stand in your sight you hate all
not stand in your sight you hate all workers of iniquity you shall destroy
workers of iniquity you shall destroy
workers of iniquity you shall destroy those who speak falsehood the Lord
those who speak falsehood the Lord
those who speak falsehood the Lord abhors the bloodthirsty and deceitful
abhors the bloodthirsty and deceitful
abhors the bloodthirsty and deceitful man but as for me I will come into your
man but as for me I will come into your
man but as for me I will come into your house in the multitude of your mercy in
house in the multitude of your mercy in
house in the multitude of your mercy in fear of you I will worship toward your
fear of you I will worship toward your
fear of you I will worship toward your holy temple lead me O Lord in your
holy temple lead me O Lord in your
holy temple lead me O Lord in your righteousness because of my enemies make
righteousness because of my enemies make
righteousness because of my enemies make your way straight before my face for
your way straight before my face for
your way straight before my face for there is no faithfulness in their mouths
there is no faithfulness in their mouths
there is no faithfulness in their mouths their inward part is destruction their
their inward part is destruction their
their inward part is destruction their throat is an open tomb they flatter with
throat is an open tomb they flatter with
throat is an open tomb they flatter with their tongue pronounce them guilty
their tongue pronounce them guilty
their tongue pronounce them guilty o God let them fall by their own
o God let them fall by their own
o God let them fall by their own counsels cast them out in the multitude
counsels cast them out in the multitude
counsels cast them out in the multitude of their transgressions for they have
of their transgressions for they have
of their transgressions for they have rebelled against you but let all those
rebelled against you but let all those
rebelled against you but let all those rejoice put their trust in you let them
rejoice put their trust in you let them
rejoice put their trust in you let them ever shout for joy because you defend
ever shout for joy because you defend
ever shout for joy because you defend them
them
them let those also who love your name be
let those also who love your name be
let those also who love your name be joyful in you for you O Lord but bless
joyful in you for you O Lord but bless
joyful in you for you O Lord but bless the righteous with favor you will
the righteous with favor you will
the righteous with favor you will surround him as with a shield
surround him as with a shield
surround him as with a shield [Music]